---
title: "87556188"
description: "DataLion documentation"
---

Helpcenter : Significances in tables: How do you read the significance information in group comparisons? \[Article under maintenance\]  

1.  [Helpcenter](index.html)
2.  [Übersicht](2982609.html)
3.  [Instructions](Instructions_85524497.html)

# Helpcenter : Significances in tables: How do you read the significance information in group comparisons? \[Article under maintenance\]

Created by Mario Bacher on Sept. 24, 2024

DataLion can show significance in the "datatable" chart type. Chi-square tests or z-tests are calculated for this.

**These tests are possible:**

-   Chi-Square Homogeneity: Chi-Square tests on basis
    
-   Chi Square: Chi Square tests between the groups
    
-   Z-Test: Mean comparison between the groups
    

**How are the significances of the Chi Square Test and Z-Test read?**

With the Chi Square Test and Z-Test, the significance level can be read off per cell and to which column the test refers.

-   The letter (A, B, C, D,...) provides information on which comparison the test refers to (table column).
    
-   The letter format (x)/x/X provides information about the significance level (explained in the legend in the diagram). The test is significant with 
    
    -   (x): p < .1
        
    -   x: p < .05
        
    -   X: p < .01
        
-   If, for example, there is a "b" next to a value in the table, this means that a significance level of p < .05 was determined for this value compared to the value in column B.
    
-   Each pair comparison is displayed only once. Example: All three tables below say the same thing. However, by convention, significance is given as in the first two tables, but not as in the third example: 
    

A

B

C

Item 1

(b)c

Or:

A

B

C

Item 1

(a)

a

Instead of:

A

B

C

Item 1

(b)c 

(a)

a