---
title: "Specific HTML & CSS elements in DataLion [Article under maintenance]"
description: "DataLion documentation"
author: "Mario Bacher"


breadcrumbs: ["Helpcenter","Übersicht","Instructions"]
---

# Specific HTML & CSS elements in DataLion [Article under maintenance]

**CSS-Selectors**

Which selector can I use to format my chart title?

``
.chart__title__text
``
Which selector can I use to reformat the info text in the footer of a chart?

``
.source_info 
``
Which selector can I use to format the page header?

``
.page__header
``
With which selector can I reformat the chart header?

``
.chart__header
``
Which selector can I use to format the titles?

``
.edit-title
``
With which selector can I reformat the label of the dropdowns for filters?

``
.filter__dropdown label
``
Which selector can I use to reformat the report tabs?

``
.report-tab-link
``
Which selector can I use to reformat the currently selected report tab?

``
#report-tab-dropdown
``
Which selector can I use to reformat the hover effect of a button?

``
.btn-default:hover
``
Which selector can I use to reformat the buttons on the page?

``
.btn-default 
``
Which selector can I use to format the footer of the page?

``
.footer
``
Which selector can I use to format table columns?

Column 0:

``
.table-column-0
``
Which selector can I use to format table subcolumns?

Table sub-column with column name Filter1:

``
.table-cell-filter1 
``
Table sub-column with column name Filter1 of a column 0:

``
.table-column-0.table-cell-filter1
``
## **Standard CSS properties and their values**

In the following we have made a small preselection of CSS properties that you can use in your project.

A great and extensive documentation on all possible properties can be found here:

[https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp](https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp)

``
background-color Control of the background color

Example: Selector{background-color:#000000;}
``
-   Specification in rgb(123,123,123)
    
-   Specification in hex: #000000
    

``
background-image Setting a background image

Example: Selector{background-image: url(‘https://datalion.net/bild.jpg’);}
``
-   Setting a background image can be found under HTML – Backgrounds
    

``
background-repeat Repeating the background image

Example: Selector{background-image: url(‘https://datalion.net/bild.jpg’);background-repeat:no-repeat;}
``
-   no-repeat
    
-   repeat-x (Horizontal repetition of the image)
    
-   repeat-y (Vertical repetition of the image)
    

``
color Controlling the color of an element

Example: Selector
``
-   Specification in rgb(123,123,123)
    
-   Specification in rgba(123,123,123,0.3)
    
-   Specification in hex: #000000
    

``
border-style Border setting

Example: Selector{border-style:none;}
``
-   dotted (Dotted border)
    
-   dashed (Dashed border)
    
-   solid (Solid border)
    
-   double (Double border)
    
-   none (No border)
    
-   hidden (Hidden border)
    

``
text-align Alignment of the text

Example: Selector{text-align:center;}
``
-   center 
    
-   left 
    
-   right
    
-   justify
    

``
font-size Size of the text

Example: Selector{font-size:23px;}
``
-   23px (Freely selectable)
    

``
font-family Set the font

Example: Selector{font-family:“Times New Roman“;}
``
-   “Font name”
    

``
text-decoration

Example: Selector{text-decoration:underline;}
``
-   underline
    
-   overline
    
-   line-through
    
-   none
    

``
padding - Spacing around text or elements

Example: Selector`{padding:10px 24px 10px 24px}
``
The value padding describes the distance around a text, which influences the size of an element.

The first value is the space at the top, the second is the space at the right, the third describes the space at the bottom, and the last is the space at the left. You can also use padding-left / padding-top / padding-right / padding-bottom to target the pages.

``
Set transparencies of a text field in DataLion

.textfield{
Background:transparent;
}
``
